Assume role auto refreshing (#176)
HotelsDotCom/circus-train: README.md

|`copier-options.canned-acl`|No|AWS Canned ACL name. See [Access Control List (ACL) Overview](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html#canned-acl) for possible values. If not specified `S3S3Copier` will not specify any canned ACL.|
|`copier-options.copier-factory-class`|No|Controls which copier is used for replication if provided.|
|`copier-options.s3s3-retry-max-copy-attempts`|No|Controls the maximum number of attempts if AWS throws an error during copy. Default value is 3.|
|`copier-options.assume-role`|No|ARN of an IAM role to assume when writing S3 data to the target S3 location. Useful when the target is in a different AWS account than Circus Train is running in. Note that if JCEKS is also configured, JCEKS credentials will be used instead of assuming a role. If `assume-role` is not specified, the copier will use instance credentials. The role provided must have read access to the S3 source and write access to the S3 target.|

> |`copier-options.assume-role-credential-period`|No| Amount of time (in seconds) that the AWS SDK should assume the given role for. Default value is 12 hours.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`copier-options.assume-role-session-duration-seconds`|No| Amount of time (in seconds) that the AWS SDK should assume the given role for. Default value is 12 hours.|
```
Now that I read through the code I see that [AWS call it "roleSessionDurationSeconds" ](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaSDK/latest/javadoc/com/amazonaws/auth/STSAssumeRoleSessionCredentialsProvider.Builder.html#withRoleSessionDurationSeconds-int-)so I think that's the best thing to name it so people familiar with their SDK well recognise it.

> |`copier-options.assume-role-credential-duration`|No| Amount of time (in seconds) that the AWS SDK should assume the given role for. Default value is 12 hours.|

Author: As per @massdosage 
> I don't want to overcomplicate things but I do want to make sure our configuration across the whole project is consistent. Currently when we've used the word duration (see expired-path-duration) this refers to an ISO duration (see https://www.digi.com/resources/documentation/digidocs/90001437-13/reference/r_iso_8601_duration_format.htm). The other time-based configuration I can spot is the metrics reporter period and time-unit. I'd prefer we use that, or if we only ever want to support seconds then we add that to the configuration property name.

Author: switched name to `assume-role-credential-period`

> |`s3s3-max-thread-pool-size`|No| Max number of threads to use for the transferManager thread pool. Defaults internally to 10 if unset on the client.|

Reviewer 2: copy paste leftover?

Author: yup - good catch. Removed!
